Remove closed issues referenced in docs (#3327)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/oauth/modes.mdx

With this mode, your OAuth server might display a "permission grant screen" to the user asking if they want to grant the third-party application permissions to your APIs. This isn't strictly necessary and depends on your requirements, but if it is, you want custom scopes.

> Custom scopes are now supported in FusionAuth; you can find more information within [OAuth Scopes](/docs/get-started/core-concepts/scopes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom scopes are now supported in FusionAuth; you can find more information in the [OAuth Scopes documentation](/docs/get-started/core-concepts/scopes).
```
